The Visual Studio Code is the recommended editor to use during this course vote.
There are other options available and it's not a strict requirement.
I highly recommend using voice code notice.
This lecture is optional and everything's shown in it is just a recommendation not required to complete
the course at all and definitely not a prerequisite.
You are totally fine to skip this lecture and go back to it whenever you wish if you'd like to set up
videoscope the way I did.
Sylvia's code is a free ed from Microsoft available on all operating systems, you can grab it from
this website, please download and install it.
Now I suggest posing the video now and getting back when you are done installing.
Let's have a quick overview of the program on the left side, there's the activity bar.
There you can see old files from your project.
You can search through files.
Users control Likit and install additional extensions.
In the center, there is the main area of the Kodaly Dora, the power of the code comes mostly from
the vast library of extensions available.
I recommend so many not mentioning all of them would probably take half an hour.
We are fortunate.
Vote very cold, lets you quickly get the list of extensions I use.
Just download their zip file attached to this lecture resources.
The quick trick I'm going to explain next is optional.
If it's too much for you or it does not work anymore, don't worry.
There is another way shown right after.
The code lets you have a workspace, specific settings, the settings are kept in a separate folder
in your project name to dot the code, I've exported mine, including a list of all recommended extensions
to install.
Please pause the video and download this files now.
Then unpack them to any folder, then open this folder in the editor.
This can be quickly done by dragging the folder into the code icon.
Next, create a folder called DOT.
These code moved the two files into this folder.
And then quit the cold.
Reopen this folder again by dragging onto the cold ICAM.
From the view menu, select the command bulette or use the shortcut.
And type show recommended this should be enough to see this command click on the command presented.
It will show you the least of all extensions I recommend installing now, you will need to go through
each one of them and press install.
Now, alternatively, just download this zip file and open the extensions, Jason file.
From recommendation's copy to code names of plugins.
And paste them into the search on the extension Staab.
You will have to do that one by one, but it will work.
The FEMA use is called Umbra, it has great contrasts and the fonts I recommend is Cascadia Code Fira
Code Operator Mörner or Mennel.
Most can be downloaded online for free.
Some are installed on your system.
You can open the terminal inside the passcode.
And run command in the currently open project to Route The View.
Terminal menu will also show the shortcut you can use, we will sometimes use that feature.
They're already mentioned command pallette.
Is useful to run some voice code commands, like to format the currently open file.
Make sure you remember this shortcut.
It's very handy.
Then they go.
Go to five menu.
Is something we'll use a lot.
It lets you quickly jump to a file also noticed a shortcut for this comment on your system.
It would be useful to remember.